# Pet-Shelter
Description:
I've created a web application for a local pet shelter in my town using Django framework and bootstrap. The project is not hosted online, it's currently running on local host. I have chosen Django for this project because of its freatures. I needed an admin panel so that there could be one admin user who could upload new posts, animal listings, delete them, change them etc.. Django has a built it admin panel which is fairly simple to use and set up and it is really powerful.

Database: For my database I used DBSQLITE3 to hold my data. Database has three main tables that is: a. Users - it holds the main admin user because it needs a user to upload news, animals ads. b. Posts - Post table is used to create, upload news. c. Animals - Animals table is used to upload pets for adoption.

HTML: There are 12 HTML files in my project that are: a. base.html - Used to make a base template for all the web page. It holds JS scripts, Navbar, footer and basic html code. b. index.html - Main homepage file. It has a header, some lorem ipsum content, a loop to show last 3 news articles from the database, a picture with a link to all the animals. c. kontaktai.html - Contact us page. It contais basic information how to contact us and google maps code using API to show the exact location of the pet shelter. d. about.html - About us page. Contains basic information about the pet shelter. e. news.html - All news articles rendered from a database in a page and ordered by the newest one. f. parama.html - Help us page with information about how to help the pet shelter, donate money, food or anything else. g. globotiniai.html - All animal posts rendered from a databse in a page and ordered by the newest one. h. sunys.html - Only the posts with dogs rendered from a database in a page and ordered by the newest one. i. kates.html - Only the posts with cats rendered from a database in a page and ordered by the newest one. j. arkliai.html - Only the posts with horses rendered from a database in a page and ordered by the newest one. k. post_detail.html - a dynamic page used to open and render from the database the particular article that was pressed. l. animal_detail.html - a dynamic page used to open and render from the database the particular animal post that was pressed.

Python: There are main python files used by Django to run the webpage. urls.py in the main project directory was used to create urlpatterns for the main webpage and admin panel so that django could render those pages on the browser. urls.py in sub project directory was used to create urlpatterns for all the html files that were created. settings.py was used to set up media folders and database. models.py was used to create tables for the databse. It has two classes "Post" and "Animal". Those classes have values such as title, content, animal_types, images. After the classes were created I have used django migrations so that django could create two tables in the database using these two classes. After those tables were created I have used admin.py file to register them to the admin panel, to make them usable when logged in as an admin. views.py was used to render all the html files and pass in variables to them. It has two classes "AnimalDetailView" and "PostDetailView". These classes were used to dynamically generate a single page for a news article or an animal listing. post_detail.html and animal_detail.html uses these classes to render everything on the browser. There are 10 functions for the rest of the html files. Using models i've created on models.py I imported them to this file and retrieved information from the database to pass in the right html files.

Static static folder contains images and styles.css file. Css file was used to add styles to my webpage.
